[theme music]
[seagulls cawing]
[bell dings]
[rattles]
[shutter clicks]
[seagulls cawing]
[dreamy music]
[birds chirping]
[lively music]
-[engine rumbles]
-[sloshing]
KEEP TO THE RIGHT
[lively music continues]
[automated voice] 44th floor.
-The doors are closing.
-[Yeon-ok] Oh, wait! Hold the door!
[pants]
Thanks so much.
Oh, it's so hot. Could you push…
-Oh, wow. We live on the same floor.
-Uh, yeah.
[Yeon-ok] It's nice to meet you.
You too, ma'am.
I live in number 4403.
Well, it's not mine.
It's my daughter's place.
[chuckles]
Uh-huh. Oh, that's great.
I'm just staying here for a few days.
[inhales]
-Looks like you were working out a bit.
-Uh, yeah.
You're a pretty woman.
Oh, well, thanks.
[chuckles]
You look like
you're about my daughter's age.
-Are you married?
-Uh, not yet.
Okay, I think people are fine alone
if they're confident.
My daughter works for an ad company.
Uh, where do you work?
Uh, it's a company. Yeah.
Uh, which one?
-Ah! Well, then.
-[chuckles]
Right.
[sighs]
[quirky music]
Oh, look. You're right next door.
-Uh, yeah.
-[chuckles]
Goodness. People these days
order delivery too often.
It's healthier if you can make food
for yourself, you know that?
[chuckles awkwardly]
Would you like me
to make a little plate for you?
Oh, uh, don't worry about it.
But I appreciate it very much.
It's very nice.
-Okay. Goodbye.
-See ya.
[Yeon-ok chuckles]
-Have a good day.
-Uh, you too.
[door lock chimes]
[upbeat music]
PPOYAN DENTAL CLINIC
DOCTOR YOON HYE-JIN
-[knocking on door]
-[nurse] Dr. Yoon.
-Ms. Kim Yeon-ok is here.
-[sighs]
Oh, early, huh?
[chuckles]
EPISODE 1
-Hello.
[gasps]
Oh, remember me?
Oh, what a small world it is.
You said you work for a company,
but you're actually a dentist.
Shall we get you an X-ray first, then?
-Oh, yeah.
-Okay.
-[machine whirring]
-[Yeon-ok chuckles]
[Yeon-ok] Thank you so much.
-[Hye-jin] My pleasure.
-[Yeon-ok] My teeth were really hurting.
I was worried it'd be expensive,
but you're too kind.
[chuckles]
So my daughter's paying for this.
I wasn't going to do it if it was pricey.
I'm sure your daughter
must care about you a lot.
[chuckles]
Yeah.
Get home safely, okay?
I'm sure I'll see you next time, yeah?
Thank you so much.
-Goodbye. Sure.
-Thank you.
-[nurse] Goodbye.
-[door opens]
Oh, do we get new magazines?
[chuckles]
You don't need to help.
[sighs]
Aren't these ones beautiful?
I save them in my online cart.
They've been there for a long time now.
Why? Just buy them.
I'm sure you can afford them.
Uh, I'm waiting for a sale.
I really like getting things
at a discount.
[Hye-jin sighs]
They're so pretty.
Dr. Yoon, may I speak with you a minute?
Sure.
I took a second here
just to read your chart.
On Ms. Kim Yeon-ok?
Yes. You put down one implant
-and just three cavity fillings.
-Um, yeah.
I didn't wanna give her extra treatment
if I could preserve some teeth.
[Min-young chuckles]
You're more careful
than I thought you were.
Sorry?
Eventually, she'll need implants
for the rest of her teeth,
so it's better to just remove them now
to prevent any more damage.
The best defense is a good offense.
You know that, right?
You're a fine dentist,
but you're still learning strategy.
All right. Come up
with a new strategy, okay?
She's my patient.
It's my job to treat her
in the way I think is best for her.
So please just respect that.
That's fine.
If that's really what you believe,
then okay.
Good day.
[sighs]
[upbeat music]
PPOYAN DENTAL CLINIC
[Hye-jin] What?
What happened here? Is she not my patient?
The chief said that she's gonna
treat Ms. Kim Yeon-ok herself.
[scoffs]
What? You don't knock anymore?
Ms. Kim is my patient.
-I want her back.
-What?
I don't care what you do with patients
you're treating yourself,
but you leave mine alone.
You seem to be hinting
that there's a problem
with the way I treat patients.
[Min-young sighs]
It seems like you have
a lot to say, so go on. Be my guest.
[sighs]
You suggested double-jaw surgery
to a patient
and used non-insured materials
to raise the fee,
and you do expensive implants
for teeth you could save.
The ripping off patients
is your specialty.
What did you say?
This is my people are always suspicious.
You are why they complain about
over treatment.
Oh, yeah? Are you being serious?
I'm the one who pays your salary.
How dare you speak to me like that?
You think that money
just appears out of nowhere?
[chuckles]
Let's make sure we get everything clear.
The truth is, I'm making money for you.
Most of the patients here are mine.
You've lost your mind.
How dare you look down on a doctor
who has much more experience than you do?
I took an oath, which is to practice
in a way that will protect my patients.
To do no harm to my patients
will be my first priority.
What's your point here?
It's the Hippocratic Oath.
Do you even remember it?
[scoffs]
And you call yourself a doctor.
Hippocrates would be
rolling over on his grave.
You're crazy! Get back here!
You'll regret this!
You won't ever find a better job!
You're…
[pants]
[breathes heavily]
[grunts]
[sighs]
Hippocrates?
[scoffs]
DOCTOR YOON HYE-JIN
So what? You just quit?
Yup.
-[Mi-seon] What about the patient?
-[sighs]
Well, I referred her
to a different clinic.
What is the motto you've lived by
pretty much your whole life?
"Don't be nosy
and always put myself first."
Exactly. That's why it seems so unlike you
that you even care about her.
She abuses her power.
I have strong convictions, you know?
Oh! So you brought brand new shoes
the moment you left
because of your convictions.
No. I gifted myself
a little something for my retirement.
The underlying message is
"A better life is coming."
I'm sure your credit card company
sent you a message.
"You have to pay
an extra two million won this month."
-Let's break up.
-Sure.
So what are you gonna do?
You think you can get on unemployment now?
I'm not sure. I can't work for myself.
I'll work for some other
rich person, I guess.
[Hye-jin breathes heavily]
I just hope I get paid well.
[Mi-seon sighs]
We're going to be slaves forever.
We have to find a way to escape it.
Mm-hm.
-Let's just get drunk.
-Sounds good.
[Hye-jin groans]
I didn't even shower.
What time is it?
DR. LEE
[scoffs]
Oh, you're texting me already?
What? Trouble in the office with me gone?
[Min-young] How dare you post it
on the dental community forum?
I'll make you pay for this.
You will never be able to work
in this industry again.
[gasps]
Huh?
[playful music playing]
[exhales deeply]
[gasps]
KOREAN DENTIST COMMUNITY
LEE MIN-YO UNG IS ON A PWOER TIRP
LEE MI-NYUNG IS GILTY OF OVRTREATMNT
[gasps]
I must've been wasted. What did I do?
[gasping]
Okay, first…
Delete this. Remove.
ENTER YOUR PASSWORD
Oh. What's the password?
Angelic Hye-jin.
WRONG PASSWORD
[groans]
Lovely Hye-jin 1004.
WRONG PASSWORD
This is insane. What was the password?
[phone chimes]
NEW MESSAGE
6,982,700 WON WILL BE WITHDRAWN
ON MARCH 20
[gasps]
[groans]
Damn it!
TUESDAY, MARCH 23
[playful music playing]
YOON HYE-JIN
34 YEARS OLD
[sighs]
NEW MESSAGE
BOOYOUN DENTAL CLINIC
RECRUITMENT RESULT
AFTER MUCH CONSIDERATION,
WE DECIDED NOT TO RECRUIT YOU
[sighs]
[Mi-seon] This is bad.
Your chief doctor must be spreading
false rumors about you.
Our chief doctor
immediately knew it was you
as soon as he read your résumé.
[sighs]
[phone chimes]
[groans]
What is it now?
MOM'S BIRTHDAY
[sentimental music playing]
[lively music playing]
SUWON
[Du-sik grunts]
-[fisherman] Du-sik.
-[Du-sik] Yes?
So, I asked for a competent worker,
and you go and send me
a guy who gets seasick?
You know, you might just have to be
a little more patient, all right?
No one is a pro immediately.
They gotta get used to it.
Hey, if the boat makes you sick,
you're useless.
Hey, listen, it's his first day.
Just cut him some slack, all right, man?
He came all the way here just to work.
Okay, right, right.
[Du-sik chuckles]
[in Russian]
How are you holding up, bud?
I was struggling
because the boat was swaying.
But now, even the ground is swaying.
"Land sickness" is what we call it.
Oh!
Here.
-It's peppermint tea.
-Ah.
I dried the leaves myself.
It'll help you with the nausea.
Thank you.
Right?
Ah, here.
Stick these in your ears
tomorrow before you sail out.
-[Maksim] Ahh.
-They'll help prevent your seasickness.
Thank you.
Give me the cup next time.
-[in English] Okay.
-[in Russian] Also,
[in English] way to go.
-You too.
-There you go.
Eat before you go!
Next time.
You better not drink in broad daylight,
or I'll tell your wife.
I won't, and I've had enough
with your nagging.
-See you tomorrow.
-Bye.
Hurry up, man.
[Maksim] Let's go.
-Oh, hey.
-[female vendor] Yes.
-Are the goods coming today?
-[female vendor] Oh, they already did.
-Oh, okay.
-[male vendor 1] Hey.
-Hello. How's business?
-[male vendor 1] Good. Try some.
-Oh, yeah?
-[male vendor 1] Yeah. How was it? Good?
-Mm-hm. Not bad.
-[male vendor 1 chuckles]
-Hope you sell out.
-[male vendor 1] Thanks.
[Du-sik] Getting hot water?
-Of course. You fixed it well.
-[Du-sik chuckles]
-Here. Have some.
-Thank you.
Oh, that pan is great.
[male vendor 2] Right. Isn't it sturdy?
-Yeah, it is.
-[male vendor 2] Good.
Congratulations. You're a granddad.
[male vendor 3] Hey, Chief Hong.
Would you like to see a photo?
Yeah. Let me see.
The baby looks like your daughter.
They both have
the same mouth you have, right?
[light music]
[seagulls cawing]
[clears throat]
Seems like it changed a bit.
[wind whooshing]
[sighs]
-[seagulls cawing]
-[waves crashing]
[sighs]
[Hye-jin sighs]
[waves gushing]
[exhales deeply]
[sentimental music]
[seagulls cawing]
[young Hye-jin] Mom! Mom!
[Hye-jin's mom] Hye-jin, be careful.
You could hurt if you run too fast.
Okay, Mom!
[giggling]
[sentimental music]
[dramatic music]
[Tae-hwa] Hye-jin.
[Tae-hwa chuckles]
Hey, wow!
[sentimental music rises]
[waves gushing]
[phone chimes]
[line rings]
[sighs]
[Tae-hwa] Hello?
Hi, Dad. It's me. It's Hye-jin.
[Tae-hwa] I know.
What is it? Is something wrong?
Uh, no, I just wanna say hi.
[Tae-hwa laughs]
[Tae-hwa] It's not like you. You never
call unless something's going on.
Yeah, I know.
-[Myeong-sin] Is that Hye-jin?
-[Tae-hwa] Yeah.
Can you please tell her I said hi?
[Tae-hwa] Okay. Bye, then.
Take care of yourself.
I will, you too.
[Myeong-sin]
It doesn't hurt to be friendly.
-Maybe a little bit warmer.
-[bowl clinks]
-[slurping]
-[scoffs]
[gulps, exhales]
No sweets?
You're not a kid.
[chuckles]
But it's so bitter.
[Tae-hwa clears throat]
Sweetheart! Hey, what's the date?
Today?
Uh, it's March 23rd, I think.
[bowl clinking]
[sighs]
[waves gushing]
[sentimental music]
[sighs]
Oh, no.
Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no!
[Hye-jin panting]
[waves crash]
[gasps]
[whimpers]
[Hye-jin gasps]
[waves gushing]
-[sighs]
-[quirky music]
Thank you so much.
[breathes heavily]
Uh, did you only find one?
I'm truly thankful,
but I'm missing the other one.
Did you see it?
I wore them for the first time today.
They were really expensive.
I thought since
you were able to find this one,
that maybe you'd help me
find the other one?
I guess there's always been
people like you.
What?
If not, we wouldn't
have come up with the saying,
"Save a person from drowning,
and they'll want your clothes too."
Oh. That's not what I meant.
It's just that I have
a really big fear of water,
but you don't seem to. That's why
I thought you might be able to…
Well, you're mistaken. I didn't go
looking for your shoe, all right?
It floated out to my board.
This shiny object suddenly appeared in it.
Scared me half to death.
Well, I'm sorry. It wasn't intentional.
I'm sorry I asked
for something else right now.
But since my shoes are gone, I'm barefoot.
And my car is parked far away.
So could you please…
It's healthy to walk barefoot. Watch out.
[gasps]
Now, what do I do?
Hey!
Take those.
TOILET-USE
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
Uh, no, no. I'll be okay.
Then have fun walking barefoot.
[playful music playing]
TOILET-USE
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
[sighs]
[sobbing]
[Bo-ra sobbing]
Goodness. Did this fall out?
Oh, hey now.
You know, what? I know how to fix teeth.
I'm a dentist.
Oh, goodness. It's okay.
You're all right. Will you stop crying
for me so I can take a look?
Say, "Aah."
Did it fall out by itself?
[I-jun] No.
That's not what happened.
[gasps]
Oh, no.
I hit him with my backpack!
[Bo-ra whimpering]
So, if he's the one who got hit,
then why are you crying?
I'm sorry.
You're very mature for your age.
Now, open your mouth.
Open wide. Aah.
It's a baby tooth.
[Bo-ra sobbing]
Is there a dental clinic near here?
It takes 30 minutes by car.
Aah. What about your house?
He just keeps complaining, you know?
But for no reason.
That's why when you mentioned it,
that guy said, "Yes, sir."
-Oh, yeah, and if it wasn't habitual…
-Right.
-[screams]
-Hey.
Sorry.
Uh, whatever.
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
Hey, it's your wife.
-She isn't anymore…
-[exhales deeply]
We got divorced three years ago.
I'm sorry. It's a force of habit.
I bet you want some lunch.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just, uh…
What do you want?
Some soup. Over there.
How come you never eat here?
Since you ate here free for ten years,
you don't want to pay for meals here?
No, it's not like that.
He's not supposed to have
raw food anymore. That's why.
-Why not?
-Remember that thing?
Oh, yeah. I'm sorry.
I have more than raw food here.
Fish roe soup, pollock soup,
seaweed soup with urchin.
Oh, okay. We'll do it
next time then. Let's go.
You better. Green onion pancake for you.
Oh, good. Thank you.
[chuckles softly]
-Thank you.
-Bye.
[I-jun] Mom!
-I-jun!
-Ah, I-jun.
Hey, bud! What are you eating?
What is-- What--
What? Is this blood?
Wh-- What happened? Did you get hurt?
-[I-jun] It fell out.
-What do you mean it fell out?
It's my…
Your tooth? You shouldn't
pull it out yourself like that.
We have to get to the hospital.
Come on, let's go.
Hey. Calm down, come on.
Can I see? Did it just fall out?
And who gave you that gauze?
[whispers]
Say it was me.
[Hye-jin] Hello.
Uh, I went to the pharmacy
and got him the gauze.
You don't need to worry too much.
-Oh, yeah? You sure about that?
-Yeah.
[Yeong-guk] Oh, okay.
Uh, who are you again?
And why are you wearing our toilet shoes?
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
[playful music playing]
[gasps, chuckles]
Oh, my.
I wonder who took those
and gave them to you.
Well, it's a bit of a weird story.
I promise I'll give them back next time.
It's okay. Wear them
and then throw them away.
All right, then thanks.
I should probably go.
Oh, you can't leave like that.
And since you're here, you should
eat something. It's my treat.
That's okay.
You helped my son. And I'd feel
terrible if I didn't repay you.
Would you like to try some raw fish?
Ah, no.
You know what? Soup would be nice.
[Hwa-jeong] Here.
[Hye-jin] Thank you.
[Hwa-jeong] You can have more rice.
Ah, you're so skinny. Are you a four?
I'm not skinny. I'm a five.
You know, when I was younger
I was super thin.
But then, I had a kid.
So these days, you know,
I only have this much rice,
but plenty of fish.
-Ah.
-[laughs]
It'll get cold. Eat up.
Okay. It's so yummy.
Oh, that's good.
-I used a special oil.
-I see.
I used to run an oil shop.
So you've been here?
To Gongjin? Is it your first time?
Um, no. It's my second… Mm, third.
Third time, I think.
You should come more.
This is a really special place,
you know that? I'm serious.
Look at that beautiful sea.
Gongjin Harbor feels like
my late mother's embrace to me.
[sentimental music playing]
I love everything about Gongjin
except that there's no dental clinic.
That's the only downside.
I heard the closest one
is half an hour by car.
Yeah, if we had a clinic,
people would fight to get in.
I mean, there are a lot of old people
who need implants and dentures, you know.
-Oh, really?
-Oh, yeah.
Let me know if you're ever interested.
I'll recommend a good area.
It's so good. Really.
Thank you.
[Nam-suk] Are you free from 3 to 7 p.m.
the day after tomorrow?
-Sure.
-[Chun-jae] Help me, Du-sik.
Just four hours tomorrow night.
[fisherman] Can you come out again
in two days?
[Du-sik] Okay.
-[Geum-cheol] Your goods are here.
-Hm.
CHUNG-HO HARDWARE
[playful music playing]
You're sleeping again.
At least, shut your eyes.
My gosh.
What?
-Where is it?
-Over there.
-Where?
-It's not here. Where is it?
-It's there.
-[Du-sik] It's not here.
-Okay. It's here.
Here, here, here, here. Here.
It's not funny.
[laughs]
Gosh, check this out.
Look at how shiny it is.
No wonder it's pricey, dude.
You know it. I should charge you
150,000 won,
but I'll only ask for 120,000.
[chuckles]
-Ninety thousand won.
-It's from abroad.
-Okay.
-[Geum-cheol] What?
Then with the shipping fee, I'll pay 92.5.
-This isn't normal delivery.
-I know you.
I'm well aware
of how much profit you've been making.
-[sighs]
-Let's see here.
[Geum-cheol] What are you doing?
-[Du-sik] It's not opening.
-Come on.
-Open it already.
-It's not opening.
Come on. Stop joking around.
It's open. I'm going to ask
the grandma to fix this.
One, two,
-three, four, five, six, seven, eight,
-Three, four, five, six, seven, eight,
-nine.
-nine, ten.
-[Du-sik] Ninety thousand.
-[sighs]
Two thousand… Can I give you coins?
-Give me bills.
-I only have big bills.
-[Du-sik] Take coins.
-Give me bills.
-No small bills.
-Give me 10,000 won.
-[Du-sik] Here's 2,500 won.
A 2,500-won bonus.
See you.
[Geum-cheol] Damn it.
-Huh?
-What? What?
-What?
-Why are you back?
-[Du-sik] I forgot this.
-[Geum-cheol] Okay.
That's worth 20,000 won. Damn it.
[exhales deeply]
Darn it.
Jeez, he gave me ten-won coins.
MONTHLY RENT
YEARLY RENT
It's definitely cheaper than Seoul.
I can afford to open my own clinic here.
MONTHLY RENT 10 MILLION DEPOSIT
YEARLY RENT 180 MILLION
Yeah, right. Opening up a clinic out here.
[sighs]
And this sucks.
It's so expensive.
[exhales deeply]
I gotta get out of here.
I'm ready.
What?
Why won't it start?
My battery must be dead.
[groans]
What's happening?
Where's my insurance?
This is it.
Why now?
Are you serious?
[groans]
I know I'm in the boonies,
but why am I not getting a signal?
Or is it broken?
No. It worked earlier.
I'll see if they have phone
at the restaurant.
[grunts]
My stomach…
Oh, was it that food earlier?
COFFEE IN THE MIDDLE OF THE DAY
AND BEER IN THE MOONLIGHT
Is that a cafe? Oh.
-[Chun-jae] Welcome.
-Uh, Americano, please.
-[Chun-jae] Sure.
-Where's the restroom?
Do you want hot or iced…
Iced coffee all the way.
She must've been in a hurry.
All right, then.
[exhales sharply]
Much better.
"EXERCISING IN THE MOONLIGHT"
[Chun-jae] Do you feel better?
You must recognize him.
[chuckles]
No.
Then why were you staring at it?
[laughs]
Just because, I guess.
So, you may not know his name, but
his song "Exercising in the Moonlight",
it was second Top Ten Songs in 1993.
♪ Exercising in the moonlight
Because I can't sleep ♪
I don't think so.
-Enjoy.
-Thank you.
[clears throat]
What was that?
Oh.
That's horrible.
[sighs]
["Exercising in the Moonlight" playing]
Seriously.
-[Chun-jae chuckles]
-[Hye-jin] Um…
An autograph?
I'm sorry, is it okay if I use your phone?
Sure. Go ahead.
Thank you.
This is the song I was telling you about.
You know it now?
[busy tone]
I'm sure you've heard of it.
-[keypad clicks]
-Doesn't the melody sound familiar?
-This is the chorus.
-I'm sorry, but it's not working.
Here, let me see it.
Well, that's weird.
[busy tone]
-What's wrong?
-[keypad clacking]
Use that phone.
[Hye-jin] Thank you.
Huh.
What the…
This doesn't seem to be working either.
Why are neither of these working?
I'd like to pay.
Okay.
You haven't even tried your coffee yet.
What a waste. You wanna finish it?
It's okay. I'll just pay.
-Ah! Take it to go.
-[finger snaps]
No, it's okay. I'd just like to pay.
I can be quick if you…
Okay. All right.
Let me just… Why is it…
CHECKING…
It's not working.
Is this the card?
-[Hye-jin] That card.
-[Chun-jae] Oh.
Oh! I'm so pissed off.
Why isn't my phone working?
What did you just say?
Hey, we don't speak that way, Ju-ri.
[Chun-jae chuckles]
I don't know. I think there's a problem
with the card reader. Do you have cash?
-Do I have cash?
-Yeah.
I didn't bring cash.
Just 4,000 won. You don't have that?
I just don't. I don't normally carry cash.
Still, how could you
not even have 4,000 won?
Uh… I'm sorry.
If there's a bank nearby,
I'll just be right back, okay?
How do I make sure you come back, huh?
-What if I never see you again?
-Uh…
-I'll leave my bag here.
-Okay.
[Ju-ri] D-Dad.
-It's a fake bag, don't accept it.
-[gasps]
-It'd still worth more than the drink.
-Hey, this isn't a fake.
[scoffs]
Stop lying.
How can the bag be real,
but you have cheap sandals?
-[Hye-jin] What?
-[Ju-ri] Look at those.
[Chun-jae chuckles]
Let me see. "Hwajeong"?
I have my reasons for that, all right?
[comical music]
How about I leave this? Okay?
Your phone?
[Ju-ri] Let me see.
Wow.
-It's the latest model.
-Huh?
You can go.
[scoffs]
[groans]
How aggravating.
That little brat! Call my bag a fake?
She has no idea how much I value brands.
EAST SEA BANK
[sighs]
What the--
DURI BANK GONGJIN BRANCH
[indistinct chatter]
What?
Uh, excuse me. Is this ATM not working or…
I'm sorry, ma'am. But our ATM
is unfortunately isn't working right now.
We're not sure if it'll be fixed today.
Okay.
[sighs]
So, there are some issues at the banks,
so I'm not able to give you
any money for the coffee.
I'm sorry, but can I send you the money
when I get back to Seoul?
I've never stood to anybody.
Especially not 4,000 won.
-Not a good idea.
-[chuckles]
How would we know what you've done?
Look.
This is my business card.
My phone number is written there too.
DOCTOR YOON HYE-JIN
Are you a dentist?
Yes, I am.
-[Chun-jae] Ah.
-Who knows? This could be fake too.
-What did you say?
-Dad…
I'm a dentist, and my bag's real,
all right? So--
-No need to raise your voice.
-She's crazy, Dad.
-Are you okay?
-[door closes]
[whistling]
Hey.
You ended up wearing them.
[gasps]
Do you know her, Chief Hong?
-Chief Hong?
-I'm not really sure
how I should answer that.
We do know each other.
We met on the beach earlier.
What's up with you two?
She's trying to get out of here,
but she hasn't paid for her coffee.
-What…
-Uh…
That's not accurate.
I ordered some coffee.
But everything seems to be broken today.
-The ATM, the credit card.
-That's true.
The internet, all the phones
in Gongjin are all frozen.
Huh?
Hanguk Telecom caught fire today.
Are you serious?
Dad, find out. Look it up.
There's no service.
-[Ju-ri] Oh. Right.
-See what I mean?
There's nothing.
Well, do you know when it'll be fixed?
Probably not anytime soon.
They haven't put out the fire.
-[sighs]
-Awesome. I wanna see.
Hey! Hey! You'll pee in bed tonight!
-Ju-ri!
-[Ju-ri] Whatever!
-[Chun-jae] It's dangerous!
-[Ju-ri] No, it's not.
-[Chun-jae] Darn it.
-[Hye-jin] Hey, listen to me.
Just for one second. Please? Please?
I need a favor.
From me?
-I, uh…
-What?
I… so…
I've never asked
for something like this before,
so I'm not sure how to bring it up.
Could you lend me 4,000 won?
I… I never asked people
for money. It's just not what I do.
But things aren't really
going my way today.
I know I may seem like a nuisance.
I, I understand this is really annoying.
But I'm in a tough situation
right now, so…
So could you help me out? Just this one?
You want me to be kind.
You normally don't ask for this type?
Yes, right. Normally, I refuse
to ask anything from anybody, you know.
Let me get this straight.
So if the right circumstances
allowed it, you'd be out of this spot?
That's correct. That's right.
Follow me.
What?
The cash.
I'm gonna help you. But you gotta earn it.
Look. I'm following you like you said,
but how do I earn it?
Through valuable hard work, of course.
You aren't, uh, taking me
somewhere shady, are you?
Eun-cheol!
Du-sik, did you hear about the fire?
I just found out.
[sighs]
I've been patrolling. It's chaotic.
Go patrol the shopping area.
They will have to call it a day.
But tell them they'll be compensated
once the fire is put out. That sound good?
Okay. Where are you going?
I'll take a look around over there.
-Okay. I'll let you know.
-Sounds good.
-What do you mean "shady"?
-Uh, well…
It seems like
you're close with the police.
Yeah, I'm pretty important.
I wanna stop by some places on the way.
Where?
Why does he never answer my questions?
[pants]
[Du-sik] You must've been startled.
There was a big fire.
Be patient,
and they'll get it all sorted out.
I gotta go.
Bye.
The firefighters are putting out the fire,
so stay home for me, okay?
I told you I'd fix that tomorrow.
You work too hard.
Grandma, let me do that for you.
[Eun-cheol] Where are you going?
[Du-sik] I'm visiting the grandmas.
Don't you worry.
The fire broke out underground,
so no one has been injured.
Your radio is working fine, right?
When are we gonna get to the part
when I get to earn money?
I could've waited for you at the cafe.
Well, this gotta be better than
being monitored by those two, huh?
Okay.
[sighs]
So, there's a fire at the telecom company,
so the phones aren't working.
They're fixing it right now, don't worry
yourself too much right now. Okay?
[chuckles]
What?
Do you want me to sit here? Here?
Where are you going?
Huh?
Jeez.
[chuckles]
Gosh.
Thank you. This is so sweet of you. Yeah?
Ah, you want me to share with her?
Very nice.
[Hye-jin] Thank you.
Thank you for this.
Hey, sit down now and rest.
See you.
[exhales sharply]
What do you do for a living?
I heard people calling you Chief Hong.
Why is it they call you that?
I'm not positive
an outsider would understand.
All right, we're here. Over there.
[chattering]
Here.
Oh, God. You want me
to wash squids with these women?
Mm-hm.
You're not serious?
I've never done
this kind of work in my whole life.
I've never even touched a squid before.
First time for everything. Here.
You want to get some money.
How much is the pay?
They're paying 8,720.
8,720 an hour? That's like minimum wage.
Is that minimum wage?
Do you know who I am?
You are a poor person.
I don't care what kind of fish is that.
I'm a dentist.
It's a little embarrassing
to say, but I, um,
-well, I went to a top university.
-Grandma!
She's here to work.
-What are you doing?
-I'll be back. Good luck.
-Hey, wait.
-I'm a bit busy. Bye!
-What?
-Who?
Hello.
[Suk-ja] Let me show you how to do it.
Watch me carefully now.
Slice it through the middle.
Spread it open here, like this.
Then you pull out all the intestines.
Now you try.
[Hye-jin] Uh, slice it through the middle.
Why didn't it work?
Don't know where you're from.
But you're not from around here.
Do you know why we're doing this?
Uh, no.
-What?
-Hey, explain it to her.
After we clean the squid here,
it is taken somewhere to be dried.
It becomes the food for people
all throughout the country.
Ah.
How do you know Chief Hong?
Uh…
You were with him
for a really long time today.
I just met him today.
[old ladies] Hm?
Hey, you have to
take out all the intestines.
You have to make sure
you don't leave any of them.
Oh, okay.
-[Hye-jin gasps]
-Goodness!
You have to be careful with the squid ink.
Oh no. Oh, dear. This is impossible.
What should we do with you?
Kids these days are like that, you know?
They've never done
this type of work before,
so they, uh, they don't have
any idea how to do it.
[Suk-ja] You're not
very dexterous, are you?
You won't be making a living
with those hands.
Well, how would you know?
I'm actually very skilled with my hands.
Look. I did it. Right?
What'd you do with the legs?
Uh, the legs?
[laughter]
[Mat-i] Oh, dear.
You left me alone all day
with those women.
I got your money. Don't want it?
Hold on. I want it.
You worked for three hours.
So 8,720 times 3 is 26,000…
What?
-Is this it?
-Of course not.
Here's the rest, 160 won.
What's with that look?
You barely did your job properly.
You don't deserve that money.
It's good to put some work in.
Feels good, right?
I'll have you know,
I've always been a hard worker.
It's not easy being a dentist.
Can you go and give this
to the man in the cafe for me?
Yeah, okay. See ya.
Oh, mechanic. Excuse me.
Why are you smiling?
Can you give me a ride?
"Chai"?
Yeah.
-Tea.
-No, a vehicle.
Uh, gosh…
Huh? What is that?
A car. Honk, honk.
[Du-sik sighs]
I didn't mean to ask for help
all the time. Thank you so much.
-Start your car.
-Huh?
-Try the ignition.
-Right.
[car engine rumbles]
[Hye-jin gasps]
[Hye-jin] It's working. It started.
-[Du-sik] Move aside.
-What?
[groans]
What is it?
Look.
See that?
What's that?
How'd that happen?
Did you drive all the way here
with the tire-pressure warning lights on?
[Hye-jin] Well, I was able
to drive all the way here.
You don't think I'll be able to get back?
Do you have nine lives?
You'll have to get it fixed
at the shop in the morning.
I gotta spend the night here then?
Looking like this?
[Hye-jin scoffs]
Across the harbor is a sauna.
It's 9,000 for a night.
If you're interested.
You do reek, though.
[retches]
[sighs]
That's such a relief.
SNACK BAR
Bibimbap looks good.
Rice cake dumpling soup
and naengmyeon sound good too.
[sighs]
[Hye-jin] I have 13,160 won left.
I should put aside 10,000 won
just in case.
Then the amount
I can spend here is only 3,160 won.
I want eggs and sweet rice punch too.
What should I have?
Eggs? Sweet rice punch?
What am I doing right now?
[Hye-jin] One sweet rice punch, please.
You really came.
What? What are you doing here?
Working. Of course.
Is that all?
Yeah.
This is bugging me right now.
I'm glad that you helped me,
-but you speak so flippantly.
-Okay.
What do you mean okay?
I think I'm speaking like regular people.
It's okay.
It's okay to just relax.
It's not good to worry about
being formal all the time.
Being global is a trend nowadays.
Look at the foreigners.
They call their in-laws
all by their first names.
It's much better.
That's just ridiculous.
Do you want anything else?
I lost my appetite.
[stomach growls]
Your stomach is betraying you.
It's called a diet.
Okay.
Who ordered the eggs?
A fire broke out
at Hanguk Telecom in Chung-ho,
there have been issues
as the entire Gongjin area
[Hye-jin] It's even on the news.
-That's understandable.
-[reporter] Even the financial services
-were halted.
-[sighs]
Who knew a fire
would leave me stranded in a spa?
-[reporter] …put out around 7:30 p.m.
-All right.
God, I miss Seoul.
[overlapping chatter]
[suspenseful music]
[screams]
It's a cricket.
[whistling]
Chief Hong! Goodness!
[Suk-ja panting]
-What brings you here, Ms. Park?
-Hey!
Are you here for me?
I gotta leave.
Move in with my daughter in Seoul.
I can't live here anymore.
-And what's the problem this time?
-[pants]
I'm 70, but I have to run
all these errands
since I'm the youngest one around here.
Come to Gam-ri's place! She's hurt!
You have to come!
Please, hurry!
-[Du-sik] Grandma! Grandma!
-Who is that?
Grandma. What happened?
[pants]
You were fine just earlier.
What on Earth happened?
I'm going deaf
because you're yelling at me.
-You're always yelling at me like that.
-Tell me, were you hurt?
Right here.
Her ankle's twisted really bad.
-Your ankle? Let me see.
-Yeah.
Gosh, it's swollen.
Does it hurt when you move it around?
It's not a big deal. Don't worry.
I just sprained it a bit.
You're unbelievable, Gam-ri.
Why would you hang your laundry there?
You a monkey or what? Why would you
climb over the wall at night?
-Gosh.
-[Mat-i] That's enough.
[Du-sik] The wall?
Get on. Let's go to the hospital.
-[grunts]
-[Du-sik groans]
[groans]
God.
You should really go get an X-ray.
No, no. I don't need that.
I didn't break any bones.
You are very stubborn, you know that?
You're right. Very stubborn.
I hope you really do one day
become rich being so stingy.
I don't understand why you're so stingy.
-Gosh, oh, I'm so frustrated.
-[Gam-ri] Aren't you going home, huh?
-I am. I am now.
-[Gam-ri] Go now.
-[Du-sik] Good night.
-Gosh.
Let me see.
-[Du-sik humming]
-[Gam-ri grunts]
Uh, do you really have to use an ice pack?
If you put ice on it right away,
it will help the swelling to go down.
-Why? Too cold?
-It's okay.
It's not bad. Just chilly.
Are you feeling frosty, Gam-ri?
Should I hug you?
You! A grown man like you
shouldn't make such jokes. It's crazy!
So stay in the room for tonight, okay?
You have a pot right here,
to use the bathroom if you need to.
No. I, I need to go to the senior center.
But you can't walk on it.
I'll get bored here by myself.
I want to go watch soap opera.
-You have a TV.
-It's no fun by myself.
-But I'm here.
-You're too young.
Do you even know the plot? Bet you don't.
-Uh…
-Aren't they all the same?
Goodness.
Am I heavy?
-[Du-sik] Mm-hm.
-Hm?
They say as you get old,
you become lighter.
But you're still heavy,
so you must still be young.
You're going to be punished
for teasing an oldie.
[both chuckle]
Anyway, I feel bad for having you here.
You're not even getting paid.
You're right. I was going home to rest.
You shouldn't have come tonight.
Yeah, well, I owe you.
Ever since my grandpa passed away,
you've fed me thousands of meals.
What choice did I have?
You were left alone.
Couldn't let you starve.
Yeah. Still.
I'm grateful.
So even after I clock out,
I will be over if you need me.
Is that really true?
-Then you're like a genie to me.
-[Du-sik laughs]
[Du-sik] Yes, I am. That's what I am.
I'm like a wish-granting genie that
you can summon by rubbing a magic lamp.
[Gam-ri] Oh, my goodness.
Is that even possible?
[both laugh]
[Du-sik] Yes, it is.
[Gam-ri] Gosh.
I must be so heavy.
[Du-sik] No, you're not.
You're light as a feather.
-[Gam-ri] Oh.
-[Du-sik chuckles]
Oh, dear.
[Du-sik] All right.
-[Gam-ri] Goodness.
-[Du-sik] Here we go.
[Gam-ri] I can't believe
I sprained my ankle.
-[Du-sik chuckles]
-[Gam-ri] So silly.
-[Du-sik] Ms. Kim.
-[Gam-ri] Yes?
[Du-sik]
Please, don't have a broken ankle.
[Gam-ri] It's really nothing.
-[Du-sik] Still.
-[Gam-ri] It's only a mild sprain.
Stop nagging.
[pants]
Do they not clean?
I can't believe there was a bug.
Well, so many stars.
Oh, Mom.
It's your day.
Happy birthday.
[sighs]
[tranquil music playing]
[birds chirping]
[groans]
[grunts]
[upbeat music playing]
All right. The auction will begin.
Get in line.
Single file.
We have two monkfish.
They're fresh. All right.
I see 64,000 won. I see 65,000 won.
Number 351 bid 65,000 won.
Okay. Sold! It's sold!
You've got it for cheap! All right.
We got two monkfish. We got two monkfish.
[chuckles]
You're an auctioneer?
Well, you must've slept well.
You were working at the snack back
at a spa one night.
The next day, you're working here?
-Something's up.
-Hm?
Your face is dirty. Did you even wash up?
Oh, by the way,
is there a mechanic nearby?
Of course.
Where is it?
'Cause I absolutely have
to go back home today.
-[phone rings]
-Is it expensive to get a tire fixed?
More than 10,000 won?
Hello?
I'll wash up and go over.
-[sighs]
-Uh, take your time.
Will it be expensive
to fix my tire or not?
-You're the slow type, aren't you?
-What?
Ah, you're dumber than I thought.
You know, you don't have to tell me where
it is, but you don't have to be a jerk.
-This is so stupid.
-[phone rings]
Just a minute.
[sighs]
-Hello?
-[Yeon-ok] Hello,
-is this Dr. Yoon Hye-jin?
-This is she. Who is this?
[Yeon-ok] I'm your next-door neighbor.
[gasps]
You introduced me to Hyeongsol
Dental Clinic. Do you remember?
Oh, it works now.
[Yeon-ok] Sorry?
Yes, I'm listening.
How was the treatment?
It was great, thanks to you.
I wanted to bring something
to say thank you,
but I haven't been able to find you.
Ah, I've been busy lately.
Ah. Oh, well, uh,
they told me that you are friends
with the new dentist,
so I asked her
if she would give me your number.
I see. So, may I ask why you called?
Dr. Yoon, really,
thank you so much, sweetie.
My daughter paid for it
with money she's been working for.
I felt guilty about making her
spend money on me like that.
But you made sure
they wouldn't overcharge me.
I'm very thankful.
I'm sorry for calling when you're so busy.
Just wanted to express
my gratitude to you.
I appreciate it, Dr. Yoon.
You're welcome.
Good luck with all your treatment, okay?
Okay, dear. Thank you so much. Goodbye.
Take care.
Wow. What a wonderful woman.
Ah, call the helpline.
[Mi-seon] Hye-jin, why is your phone off?
You're not taking drastic measures
because you can't find a job, right?
If I can't reach you by tomorrow,
I'm going to call the police.
Gosh, Mi-seon is terrifying
when she's worried.
[Hye-jin] I'm down south.
Don't worry too much.
-[Bo-ra] Hi, ma'am!
-[I-jun] Hey!
Hey, how are you guys?
What were your names again?
I'm I-jun. Chang I-jun.
I'm Choi Bo-ra. Bo-ra boat, expect Bo-ra!
Right.
You hit him yesterday,
and he still hangs out with you.
That's because I'm like
the only friend that he has.
That's not why.
I know she hit me on accident.
That's nice.
Do you mind
if I take a peek at your mouth?
Yeah.
-Say, "Aah." Oh, it's healing well.
-Aah.
So if it happens again,
go to the dentist, okay?
Okay.
I'll never forget you
helping me with my tooth.
I like to repay you someday.
How old are you?
-We're both nine years old.
-[gasps]
You're so well-spoken for nine.
He knows so many vocabulary words.
He's really smart.
Ooh.
You don't need to repay me.
But promise you'll take care
of your teeth.
Yes, I promise.
-[Hye-jin] You too.
-Okay.
[giggles]
Go have fun.
Hey, miss.
Hm?
Thank you so much.
I hope you visit us again.
Oh, okay.
-Goodbye.
[Bo-ra] Let's go.
How sweet.
[mechanic] All done.
Oh, okay.
Good as new.
Thank you.
[door closes]
-[Chun-jae] Du-sik.
-Hey.
[Chun-jae] Thanks for opening
the shop for me.
Don't mention it.
Four thousand won over there.
-Oh, yeah? Four thousand.
-[Du-sik] Yeah.
What's this for?
It's from that woman
who didn't pay you yesterday.
Ju-ri said both her bag
and business card were fake.
But she paid, so, maybe…
She's not a scammer.
How do you know?
Because… I know.
What's that… You're smiling.
I'm always smiling.
[Chun-jae laughs]
You're blushing, man.
-[Chun-jae laughs]
-Do you want coffee?
[phone chimes]
Hello?
[Min-young] It's me.
Who is this?
[Min-young] I guess you deleted my number.
But did you forget my voice?
Is this Dr. Lee?
That's right. Have you been well?
You're working hard
in your job search, I hear?
I hear you've been working hard as well.
You've been working pretty hard
to spread some rumors about me, so…
You think that was me?
Hye-jin, you're more naive than I thought.
I didn't have to do anything.
The dental community
is very small and tight-knit.
Who would want to hire a whistleblower
who badmouthed their boss
while brazenly disclosing her name?
No one will hire you anymore.
And because I'm nice,
I'd like to make you an offer.
Kneel down and beg for me to forgive you.
Then I'll have pity on you
and take you back.
You forgive me?
[scoffs]
That'd be absurd. Why would I work
for a quack like you again?
Watch your mouth! I don't think
you understand what's going on.
Forget it. You think
I'm just dying to be hired by someone?
I can open a clinic.
I'd be great at running a clinic!
What a lunatic.
GONGJIN HARBOR
HWAJEONG RAW FISH RESTAURANT
Hello again!
Hello.
Oh, hi. You're still here?
Oh, yeah. You told me to come
if ever I was interested.
Huh?
I wanna run a clinic here.
Huh? Seriously?
Yeah. I made a decision.
I'm really glad to hear that.
Hold on. Let me see.
Let's see the realtor.
Nah, this would be faster.
Okay, come on.
Let's go.
[Hwa-jeong laughs]
-So you slept at the spa last night?
-[Hye-jin] Yes.
You should've come to my house.
Oh, thank you for offering.
So, where are we heading?
Does the realtor live all the way up here?
We're not meeting a realtor right now.
[phone rings]
Oh, boy. This loser. Just a minute.
VILLAGE CHIEF CHANG YEONG-GUK
Hey, what's up? What is it?
What? The party for the elderly?
A different day?
Not possible!
No, no. Everyone
who surveyed picked this date.
I don't care!
I'll be right there, just wait there.
I'm sorry, but there's been an emergency.
Uh, what should I do?
Go up this path, all the way up.
You'll see a boat up there.
Just go up there.
I called him earlier.
He's waiting for you.
-You called?
-Sorry.
-I gotta beat up this guy.
-[stammers]
-I don't even know what to say.
-Just go.
[gasps]
[Hye-jin pants]
[Hye-jin] I'm so tired.
[pants]
Here's the boat.
Who put this here on top of a hill?
It must be him. Hello.
Huh…
We meet again.
[gasps]
What? Why are you here?
You wanna open up a clinic?
Yeah, but, are you the person she said,
-um…
-Uh-huh. Yeah. I am qualified.
REAL ESTATE AGENT
HONG DU-SIK
[gasps]
What do you really do?
How come you act so important?
Me?
I'm Chief Hong.
[closing theme music]
[whistling]
[Hye-jin] Sit down here.
PHARMACY
Okay. Open your mouth.
Aah.
[Hye-jin] Look!
-Huh?
-Did I do it right?
[Gam-ri] That's a little bit better.
Am I the only one
who finds this suspicious?
[Hwa-jeong] Chief Hong is a regular chief.
You see, I'm on government payroll.
[Du-sik] Don't you need renovating?
I do that for minimum wage too.
You're not scamming me
because I'm not from around here, right?
Wait, is she really a dentist?
She's pretty.
[Hwa-jeong] Please stop by
even though you're busy.
You need to promote
the opening of your clinic.
[Hye-jin] They're out there
kicking dirt in the air,
grilling, boiling soups, singing.
[Du-sik] You think
you're better than everyone.
Look here, doctor.
Life isn't so fair for all of us.
Got that?